Publish minutes of 2023-07-20 meeting (#428)
hober/web-extensions: _minutes/2023-07-20-wecg.md

 * [simeon] Expanding on that, in Chrome new required permissions will cause the extension to be disabled on update until the user approves any newly requested permissions.
 * [timothy] API permission requests are granted silently, but there are some APIs where a new request results in disabling the extension, if they don't overlap with the bucket of similar capabilities.
 * [rob] If permissions.request is used with a different-bucket extension, does that also disable the extension? Or is it silently granted?
 * [timothy] Not sure, I have to check.
 * [tomislav] In Firefox we don't disable the extension, but we don't upgrade it. The user is prompted to confirm new permissions and upgrade is delayed until they approve the request.
 * [simeon] Pausing discussion in the interest of briefly discussing the final issue.

[Issue 426](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/426): Inconsistency: Navigation to file:// URLs using tabs and windows APIs

>  * [oliver] Security concerns with navigating to file:-URLs from extensions. Concern is less about abuse by extensions, more about extensions tricking other extensions into navigating to file:-URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [oliver] Security concerns with navigating to file:-URLs from extensions. Concern is less about abuse by extensions, more about vulnerable extensions being tricked into navigating to file:-URLs.
```

Reviewer 2: @Rob--W, can we merge this here or would you prefer to merge locally and force push?
